Ar/cor 1498 concordium base make token amount fixed point and implement (#273)
Concordium/concordium-rust-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

- Remove `member_allow_list` and `member_deny_list` from `TokenAccountState`, replaced with
  CBOR-encoded state.

> - There are no functions `TokenAmount::try_from_rust_decimal` and `TokenAmount::from_str` to help

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add functions `TokenAmount::try_from_rust_decimal` and `TokenAmount::from_str` to help
```
